Update shared-line-appearance.md (#8540)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/shared-line-appearance.md

Managers can add up to 25 delegates, and delegates can have up to 25 managers. There is no limit to the number of delegation relationships that can be created in a tenant. 
 
If the delegator and delegate are not in the same geographic location, it is up to the PSTN provider to allow caller ID to show up from a different geographic location for a delegated (on behalf of) call. 

> Circluar delegation configuration is not permitted, If the Delegated users also have delegations between them, they will only be able to see thier delegation and not the initial delegation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Circular delegation configuration is not permitted. If the delegated users also have delegations between them, they will only be able to see their delegation and not the initial delegation.
```
